Blogpost about Bullet for collision detection (#526)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: _posts/2020-11-18-bullet-collision.md

This finally led to the decision to restructure major parts of MoveIt's collision checking. To make this change happen, I had to unify all existing collision detectors which included FCL. Furthermore, many changes in the planning scene were necessary which in turn then required changes throughout the codebase because the planning scene is such a central class.

To demonstrate the new collision checking capabilities, I added a [new tutorial](https://ros-planning.github.io/moveit_tutorials/doc/bullet_collision_checker/bullet_collision_checker.html). In an interactive environment, Bullet can be tested with a demo object and the Panda robot. The CCD capabilities are demonstrated in the second part of the tutorial. Try it out yourself!

A detailed overview of the work done including discussions is availalble [on Github](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/issues/1427). For a better understanding of the collision detection process, I created several [flowcharts](https://moveit.ros.org/documentation/concepts/developer_concepts/).

## Results and Future Work

> Besides the added CCD capabilities, another major contribution of Bullet is increased speed. As collision detection is performed all the time, efficiency gains have a big impact of MoveIt's general performance. In certain scenarios, Bullet outperforms FCL [up to ten times](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/issues/1427#issuecomment-514143218). Although Bullet in its current state already delivers performance gains compared to FCL, there is still room for improvement. I summarize possible ideas in [this Github issue](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/issues/1646).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides the added CCD capabilities, another major contribution of Bullet is increased speed. As collision detection is performed all the time, efficiency gains have a big impact on MoveIt's general performance. In certain scenarios, Bullet outperforms FCL [up to ten times](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/issues/1427#issuecomment-514143218). Although Bullet in its current state already delivers performance gains compared to FCL, there is still room for improvement. I summarized possible ideas in [this Github issue](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/issues/1646).
```
